# Experimental Web Page
This webpage is a part of my master's thesis, aimed at designing operational pages that align with the system developed for my research project.

The system is designed for two primary types of users: hearing and speech teachers for hearing-impaired children, and parents. Upon accessing the login page, users undergo identity verification. Teachers are directed to a list of hearing-impaired children they are responsible for, from which they can select either a page for auditory localization learning or query the child's past learning records. In contrast, parents have a simpler user journey; they're able to select the audiovisual materials for their child's learning and proceed to the auditory localization learning page. Therefore, different user types have distinct operational workflows.
The system retrieves account information from corresponding tables in the backend database based on the selected user category. The database comprises three main tables: "teacherList" for teachers' accounts, "caseList" for the list of hearing-impaired children, and "eventList" for the records of auditory localization learning assessments.
The functionality of the auditory localization learning operation page for teachers is more complex. It involves connecting hardware devices for audio playback, controlling the direction and volume of audio playback, uploading customized audiovisual materials, and recording the responses of hearing-impaired children during auditory localization learning. In contrast, the parental version of the learning operation page only requires connecting hardware devices for audio playback, random playback of audiovisual materials, and volume control.
For audio playback hardware devices on the auditory localization learning operation page, multi-channel Bluetooth speakers and projectors are utilized. The webpage utilizes Web Bluetooth API for Bluetooth functionality, enabling the web application to pair with nearby Bluetooth devices and exchange data and control. For projection functionality, Presentation API is used, allowing the web application to connect to external screens or projectors, establish projection or presentation features within the webpage, and control the content displayed on the screen through webpage components.
The Presentation API requires two pages: the control page and the projection page. Devices must be connected to external screens or projectors to utilize this API. The projection page defaults to a black background before playback begins, minimizing distractions for the subject, allowing randomized directional training videos to be played subtly and naturally.

Display URL：https://iamaicho.github.io/selfLearnNew.github.io/
